attemptPageTypeSearch on readme (#696)
vtex-apps/store-components: docs/SearchBar.md

| Prop name                 | Type                                          | Description                                                                                                                                       | Default value |
| ------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |

> | `attemptPageTypeSearch`   | `Boolean` | If the search should attempt to do a page type search, meaning, for example, that it would be possible to go to a brand page when searching for it on the search bar.                                                                                                              | `false`        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `attemptPageTypeSearch`   | `Boolean` | If `true` when clicked on result link of brand, department or category will link to the corresponding brand, department or category page. When `false` will always go to a full text search page.  | `false`        |
```
